how to make an inside-out California
roll true to its name this world sushi
was invented in California by an
enterprising Japanese sushi chef in the
early 1970s you will need some plastic
wrap a bamboo mat for rolling sushi half
of a cucumber a vegetable peeler a very
sharp knife a cutting board all ripe
avocado for imitation crab sticks or 1/4
pound of cooked shredded crab 2 cups of
prepared sushi rice 2 sheets of toasted
nori cut in half 1 tbsp of sesame seeds
a small spoon a damp kitchen towel and a
bowl of clean water optional lemon juice
step 1 cut a large piece of plastic wrap
a little more than twice the size of
your bamboo mat and place it on the
table place the bamboo mat on top and
encase it in the plastic by smoothing
the wrap evenly over both sides set the
mat aside
step two peel the cucumber and scoop out
the seeds with a small spoon cut the
cucumber half into thin strips about 1/8
to 1/4 inch wide and set them aside step
cut the avocado in half lengthwise and
twist the two hands until they separate
cut the half without the pit into two
quarters remove the skin and cut them
lengthwise into quarter-inch slices set
the slices aside and clean your hands a
knife with a damp kitchen cloth to
prevent the avocado from oxidizing or
turning brown squeeze some fresh lemon
juice on the cut abogados step 4 lay a
half sheet of nori shiny side down
moisten your hands with a little water
and grab a handful or about a cup of
prepared sushi rice ball it up and put
it on top of the nori step 5
spread and Pat the rice across the nori
leaving a half inch margin uncovered at
the bottom edge don't use too much rice
it should be no more than a quarter inch
thick and you should be able to see the
nori sheet through it step 6
sprinkle sesame seeds over the rice step
lay the plastic wrapped bamboo in front
of you flip the prepared nori sheet rice
side down at the bottom end of the mat
step 8 lay a strip of shredded crab
across the middle of the nori add a
strip or two of cucumber next to it and
lay avocado slices on top
step 9
use the bamboo mat to roll the bottom
edge of the nori over the filling in the
center tucking it over firmly so the
filling is enclosed step 10
pull the mat back and lay it over the
roll again this time continue to roll
forward applying even pressure and
tightening as you roll using your mat as
leverage step 11 once it's taken shape
take the roll off the mat and lay the
mat over it press and smooth the roll
compressing it tightly and evening out
the ends step 12
with a very sharp knife use a delicate
but firm sawing motion to cut the roll
in half cut each half into three equal
pieces step 13 repeat the process with
your remaining half of nori layering it
lightly with rice adding the filling and
rolling and cutting the sushi eat at
your leisure after all this is
California style
did you know Fallbrook California the
self-proclaimed
avocado capital of the world has been
hosting an annual avocado festival since